The Joe Rogan experience. That's when we came with the,
we can't be stopped album.
That album cover. Yeah. Yeah. Jesus Christ.
When you see Bushwick bill with a patch over his eye yeah. In the hospital,
gurney and you guys are rolling with him behind and that's the album cover.
Look at that. Yeah. I mean, come on. That is classic. Yeah. Yeah.
That is a classic album cover. I mean,
these stop and push weeks on the old school cell phone.
And that's done,
that was done like totally spontaneously.
We didn't, we, it was totally unplanned.
Cause we had finished the album and then Bush would get shot.
And this was how this would happen a lot with, with bill,
like bill could get a job done.
And like if he had something made to do, he'd get it done.
But then after he get it done, you know, it was just,
something starts going on. Some stuff just does happening.
So we had finished the album and you know, get a call. Bill got shot,
go up to the hospital immediately. In my mind,
this is my Cabo Western days, mate, mind you, I'm thinking revenge.
Like I don't care who shot him? Who shot? Who? You know, like let's get him.
So I get to the hospital, I go into the room and build this land now.
And he's kind of, he's dazed,
but he's conscious. And he's like, well,
don't hurt her.
I made her do it.
Your Bushwick it's wrong. It's so wrong.
So that was that, you know, I checked on him. He was good.
He's going to survive. He lost his eye, but he's going to survive.
How did he make her shoot him? He said that they were arguing.
This is Bill's version that they were arguing over
something and he was mad.
So he pulled out the gun and he threatened to throw the baby
downstairs. And then he,
he has the gun in the,
his girlfriend is like the tussling over the gun.
And so Bill's like, shoot me, shoot me, shoot me. This is what he's saying.
That he told her. So the gun goes off. Boom,
bill get shot. Now. Now no, I'd be like, I know bed.
I know building purposely shoot himself in the eyes.
Have anyone shoot him? And now bill just likes walking on the edge.
You see, he'll walk that edge. I got to do it. I do it. I do it. Oh.
That's I believe happened. But bill say, you know, he made us shoot them.
So get to the hospital and
we go downstairs and cliff Blodgett is there. And at the time,
cliff is the co owner of rap, a lot records. And cliff say,
you know, everybody, you know,
we have a little meeting in the lobby and your bills, okay,
you're going to survive. You know that, that was our first thought,
you know what I'm saying? Everybody just wanted him to be okay, he's safe.
He survived Cliff's cliff site back to business cliff, like,
okay, so what, what are you going to,
what are we going to do about the album cover? And I said, well,
we can shoot it. He alive.
So, so cliff is like, well,
how do we going to do that? I said, I say, man,
we just go up there and shoot it. He said, well, who's going to ask him. I said,
I asked him. So I went up there and I was like,
yo, I say, man,
we want to shoot this album cover man. You down. Bill was like,
I don't care. He's like, yeah. He said, yeah,
went back down and told him it was a go. Me and Brad went upstairs.
Cliff went to his car, got the camera. We went,
we went upstairs and back to the room, the nurse put bill on another gurney
and me and Brad wrote them down the hall. So the nurse was in our nurse. Knew
we wrote them down the hall and we didn't roll him far. I mean,
he left like maybe the room was like right behind us to the, to the right.
Whose idea was it for him to be holding the phone?
I don't know, but I know chief was there too. I road manager.
So I don't know if chief told him, you know, rad a phone or something.
I don't know. But.
What's the hat already on him? No.
He put the hat on too. So, uh, yeah,
I think that was chief idea to put the props on,
but he started rolling down the hallway in cliff,
shot the pitch and that's how you got the cover. Wow.
One of my great regrets is not having him on the podcast. He was reached,
they reached out, whoever was representing him, reached out. And I had a,
you know, I, uh, my gets, I book it myself. I do it on my phone.
So I've months in advance, I'm trying to coordinate.
And it took a couple of weeks for me to find a date and I got ahold of them
again. But then he was sick. He was real sick.
He was in the hospital and they said he couldn't travel anymore. Right.
And then shortly after he, yeah, it.
It happened fast. Like once he started, like once he made the announcement,
his health, was it pancreatic here really fast?
I think what was it? Yeah,
I think it was one of those ones that it was pancreatic.
That's one of those ones that gets you quick. Yeah. That's, that's a bummer.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st to December 1st,
they're going to be available everywhere.
But after December 1st they will only be available on Spotify,
but they will be free. That includes the video. The video will also be there.
It'll also be free. That's all we're asking. Just go download Spotify.
Buh-bye.